update top-level docs for Code (#1279)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-code/overview.md

---
slug: overview
append_help_link: true
title: Overview
hide_title: false

> description: Learn about Code, a static application security testing (SAST) tool |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about Semgrep Code, a static application security testing (SAST) tool |
```

🙈

>     designed to find security vulnerabilities in your applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    designed to find security vulnerabilities in your first-party code.
```
 
We can differentiate products through their scan targets:

Semgrep Code - first-party code
Semgrep Supply Chain - third-party code

"applications" could imply both targets but Code specifically scans only 1st party, not the whole "application"

tags:

>   - code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Semgrep Code
```

---

import MoreHelp from "/src/components/MoreHelp"
import SemgrepScan from "/src/components/concept/_semgrep-scan.mdx"

> Semgrep Code is a static application security testing (SAST) tool that inspects your application for security vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep Code is a static application security testing (SAST) tool that inspects your application for security vulnerabilities.

```

You can use Semgrep Code to scan local repositories or integrate it into your CI/CD pipeline to automate the continuous scanning of your code.

## Rules

<SemgrepScan />

> In addition to the default rules (available in the [Registry](https://semgrep.dev/r)), you can write custom rules to determine how Semgrep Code scans your repositories. Whether you use the default rules or write custom rules, knowing *which* rules Semgrep Code ran helps you understand how it detected security issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to rules available in the [Registry](https://semgrep.dev/r), you can write custom rules to determine what Semgrep Code detects in your repositories. Whether you use pre-existing rules or write custom rules, knowing *which* rules Semgrep Code runs can help you understand how it detects security issues.
```

- The rules in the Registry are not actually "default" - a lot of them are community contributed, some of them are from our SR team, so the quality and freshness can vary. Then there is also the "default" ruleset, which is something else entirely, so I just said more or less that the Registry is where they can find rules.
- There's no particular time that the scan occurred (we're not in a procedure) so I kept it to present tense.

## Findings

Semgrep Cloud Platform (SCP) displays Semgrep Code's findings. Additionally, SCP allows you to:

* Triage findings;
* Send alerts and notifications or create tickets to track findings identified by Semgrep Code;
* Customize the way Semgrep Code scans your repositories;
* Manage your users and facilitate team collaboration in remediating security issues.

## OSS vs. Pro Engine

> By default, Semgrep Code is powered by Semgrep's OSS engine. It can analyze interactions within a single function (this process is known as intraprocedural analysis), and its smaller scope of analysis makes it faster and easier to integrate into developer workflows.

Reviewer: I leave it to you if you want to keep the parenthesis or not, just noting it here.

> However, if you would like cross-file analysis and cross-function analysis (also known as interfile analysis and interprocedural analysis, respectively), please consider using Semgrep's [Pro engine](/semgrep-code/semgrep-pro-engine-intro/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For cross-file and cross-function analysis (interfile and interprocedural analysis, respectively), you can enable [Semgrep's Pro Engine](/semgrep-code/semgrep-pro-engine-intro/). These scans produce fewer false positives and more true positives, but take longer to complete.
```

## Next steps

> [Scan your codebase](/semgrep-code/getting-started): Learn how to scan your project by integrating Semgrep Code into your CI/CD pipeline or how to scan repositories available locally on your machine.

Author: I think it should be okay (especially if we rename semgrep-code/getting-started to semgrep-code/scan-your-codebase) -- this isn't the quickstart, just in case that's what you're thinking? I do realize there's some redundancy so I plan to refactor and create a Semgrep install instructions component

<img width="312" alt="image" src="https://github.com/semgrep/semgrep-docs/assets/16521651/c11d3ddf-85f6-4c40-8431-00f0ef5792f2">

---
slug: overview
append_help_link: true
title: Overview
hide_title: false
description: Learn about Semgrep Code, a static application security testing (SAST) tool |

>     designed to find security vulnerabilities in your first-party code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    that finds security vulnerabilities in your first-party code.
```

Extremely minor nit, you can keep the original wording if you like, this is just a cut-down-words suggestion.

tags:
  - Semgrep Code
---

import MoreHelp from "/src/components/MoreHelp"
import SemgrepScan from "/src/components/concept/_semgrep-scan.mdx"

> Semgrep Code is a static application security testing (SAST) tool that inspects your application for security vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep Code is a static application security testing (SAST) tool that detects security vulnerabilities in your first-party code.
```

Just avoiding the use of "application".

Reviewer: I think only the first part of this comment (double newline removal) was committed?

You can use Semgrep Code to scan local repositories or integrate it into your CI/CD pipeline to automate the continuous scanning of your code.

## Rules

<SemgrepScan />

In addition to rules available in the [Registry](https://semgrep.dev/r), you can write custom rules to determine what Semgrep Code detects in your repositories. Whether you use pre-existing rules or write custom rules, knowing *which* rules Semgrep Code runs can help you understand how it detects security issues.

## Findings

Semgrep Cloud Platform (SCP) displays Semgrep Code's findings. Additionally, SCP allows you to:

* Triage findings
* Send alerts and notifications or create tickets to track findings identified by Semgrep Code

> * Customize how Semgrep Code scans your repositories;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Customize how Semgrep Code scans your repositories
```

> * Manage your users and facilitate team collaboration in remediating security issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manage your users and facilitate team collaboration in remediating security issues
```
For consistency.

> ## OSS vs. Pro Engine

Reviewer: https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#vs
```suggestion
## OSS versus Pro Engine
```
